Differences Between Http1.1 and Http2
---------------------------------------
Before going to the topic let's see what is HTTP and it's methods:-

HTTP stands for HYPER TEXT TRANSFER PROTOCOL which works in the Network layer of OSI model to transfer data.
HTTPS stands for HYPER TEXT TRANSFER PROTOCOL SECURED.
HTTP works between the client and the server as the request-response protocol.
HTTP has list of methods to perform activities on a data: POST,GET,PUT,DELETE and some more.
each method has a purpose to perform on a data.

HTTP/1.1
The first version of HTTP was called as the HTTP/1.1 and created in the year 1997.For example when you make a request to the 
the server for a html page & server responds to you as a resource the respective html page. 
Before sending the request and the response there is a TCP connection established between client & server. again you 
make a request to the server for image img.jpg & the server gives a response as an image img.jpg. the connection was not 
lost here after the first request because we add a keep-alive header which is the part of the request so there is an open 
connection between the server & client. there is a persistent connection which means several requests & responses are merged 
in a single connection. 
drawbacks:-  The first problem is HTTP/1.1 transfer all the requests & responses in the plain text message form. The second 
one is head of line blocking in which TCP connection is blocked all other requests until the response does not receive. 
all the information related to the header file is repeated in every request.

HTTP/2 
It was developed over the SPDY protocol. HTTP/2 works on the binary framing layer instead of textual that converts all the messages 
in binary format. it works on fully multiplexed that is one TCP connection is used for multiple requests. HTTP/2 uses 
HPACK which is used to split data from header. it compresses the header. The server sends all the other files like CSS & JS without the 
request of the client using the PUSH frame.
benefits:-Binary protocols are more efficient to parse.more compact and more efficient over the network.has multiplexing and
very fast.

Differences:
HTTP/1.1 works on text format whereas the HTTP/2 works on binary format.
Until all the resources are recived the head of the line blocks the other all requests in HTTP/1.1 whereas in HTTP/2 all the requests 
are combined into one(Multiplexing)so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.in HTTP/1.1 data is compressed by itself
In HTTP/2 data is been compressed by HPACK(Header Compression algoritham for HTTP/2).The page is been loaded very fast using HTTP/2 
when compared to HTTP1.It uses requests resource Inlining for use getting multiple pages wheras HTTP/2 uses PUSH frame server that 
collects all multiple pages.Header Compression is faster and more efficient in HTTP/2 when compared to HTTP1.

----------